- [Instructor] To take advantage of Spring support
for adding service side WebSocket capabilities to our app
we will need to create and configure what is called
a message broker component.
The message broker is responsible for bridging
the data flow between the client code,
which is typically your java script code,
and your Spring MVC components.
Also, remember the WebSocket protocol is bidirectional,
which means a client can subscribe to a topic
and a service can publish topic updates to clients
based on whatever logic is implemented in the server.
Once a WebSocket connection is established,
both the client and the server can exchange
information endlessly until the connection is closed
by any one of the parties.
For this reason, a WebSocket connection
is typically preferred over A2DP when the client
and server need to exchange information at high frequency
and with low latency because A2DP connections are closed
once a request is served by the server.
And there's a time constraint
to open a A2DP connection again.
Let's get started created our message broker.
To begin this exercise I'm going into our chat package
I'll open the WebSocket config class.
And then, for better readability,
I'm going to double-click on that editor window
and maximize so we can get started.
Spring already has built-in support
for creating a Stomp WebSocket server.
The conventionists began with a Spring config class.
I've already gotten a class started for us.
I've called it WebSocket Config.
And to being taking advantage
of all that Spring has to offer
I simply have to implement
the WebSocket Message Broker Configurer.
Now that I've implemented this configurer
I have to start overwriting some of the methods
that are a part of a message broker configurer.
First, let's register our stomp endpoints.
Our message broker keeps a registry
of endpoints or URI's that our server responds to.
So, to begin that I'm going to create registry
I'm going to add an endpoint.
And for the endpoint this is generally the name,
or the root name for your application.
So I'm going to call ours the Landon Chat App.
The next thing I want to do,
because we know that we're going to be
working with a framework called SockJS,
we'll get to details on that later.
But this is to give us some fallback safety.
For now, I'm just going to create withSockJS
and we'll explain what that fallback safety is later.
That's it, we've registered out endpoint.
There's only one more step.
To configure out message broker
we have to call our config class that Spring gives us
and we need to setup the prefixes
that we're gonna use for our topics.
So we have to call config enable Simple Broker
and specify what all of our topic prefixes will be.
Again, it's a convention to use topic
as you mature this app you may find
that something else makes more sense for you.
The next thing we need to do
is set our application destination prefixes.
These are the URI's that all of our application codes,
such as our controllers will be prefixed with.
I'm gonna call the config.set
application destination prefixes.
And for simplicity I'm just gonna call this app.
The last thing we need to do,
as with any important Spring component,
is supply these annotations that lets
the Spring framework know just exactly
what kind of config bing this is.
And for configuring our WebSocket application
we just need to add an annotation called
Enable WebSocket Message Broker.
And by doing so, we have now told Spring
that this is the component that's going to broker
all of our messages that come from our client
and need to pass through to our controllers.
So another quick review here.
We just created a message broker
and simply what we needed to do was register
some endpoints to let the message broker know
what our application prefix is.
Then we had to specify what all of our topic prefixes are.
And lastly, we had to specify any prefix
for URI's that are mapped to our controllers.
And that's enough to get started
with implementing your message broker.